update screenshots docs (#9161)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/apple/common/enriching-events/screenshots/index.mdx

  - apple.watchos
---

Sentry makes it possible to automatically take a screenshot and include it as an <PlatformLink to="/enriching-events/attachments/">attachment</PlatformLink> when a user experiences an error, an exception or a crash.

> This feature is only available for SDKs with a user interface, like the ones for mobile and desktop applications. In some environments like native iOS, taking a screenshot requires the UI thread and in the event of a crash, that might not be available. Another example where a screenshot might not be available is when the event happens before the screen starts to load. So inherently, this feature is a best effort solution.

Author: ```suggestion
This feature is only available for SDKs with a user interface, like the ones for mobile and desktop applications. It's also limited by whether taking a screenshot is possible or not. For example, in some environments, like native iOS, taking a screenshot requires the UI thread, which often isn't available in the event of a crash. Another example where a screenshot might not be available is when the event happens before the screen starts to load. So inherently, this feature is a best effort solution.
```

<Note>
App hang events won't have a screenshot because the main thread is blocked and Sentry can't interact with UI elements in a background view.
</Note>

## Enabling Screenshots

Because screenshots may contain <PlatformLink to="/data-management/sensitive-data/">PII</PlatformLink>, they are an opt-in feature. You can enable screenshots as shown below:

<PlatformContent includePath="enriching-events/attach-screenshots" />

## Viewing Screenshots

> If one is available, you'll see a thumbnail of the screenshot when you click on a specific issue from the (**Issues**)[https://demo.sentry.io/issues/] page.

Author: ```suggestion
If one is available, you'll see a thumbnail of the screenshot when you click on a specific issue from the [**Issues**](https://demo.sentry.io/issues/) page.
```
